Guide to use of the SMArTSerial software

Use of the SMArTSerial software requires:
An (preferably ATMEGA328 based) 5v arduino, such as the UNO or Nano
The Adafruit Micro-SD card slot (PRODUCT ID: 254)
    Must be connected to pins 10(CS), 11(DI), 12(DO), 13(CLK)
The Adafruit RGB i2c display (PRODUCT ID: 714)
    Must be connected with 5v to 5v, GND to GND,Reset to Reset, A4 to A4, and A5 to A5
A NulSom RS232 to TTL Converter (http://a.co/iI8TWTy)
    Must be connected with 5v to VCC, GND to GND, pin 7 to the send pin (arrow next to VCC) and pin 6 to the recieve pin (arrow next to GND)
A null modem

Once the hardware is setup, flash the Arduino (or compatible) with the SMArTSerial.ino sketch.
The Logger is now ready for use.

To operate the Datalogger, first insert an SD card, Then power the Arduino. 
If the SD card is not found or compatible, the display will read "card failure".
Otherwise, there will be a filename prompt on the display. 
 The UP and DOWN buttons are used to change the selected character. Characters can be from A - Z, or a hyphen.
 The LEFT and RIGHT buttons are used to select a character to change.
 Use the SELECT button when you are done naming your file.
The filename will consist of the 5-character string, a 3 digit number (000 - 999), and the .csv file ending.
While using the same 5-character string, the 3 digit number default to the next unused number.
The Datalogger will then show a cleared screen. 
Any serial data recieved will be printed to the screen, and stored on the SD card.
 Pressing SELECT will open the exit prompt
During the exit prompt, serial data is still written to the SD card, but will not be shown on the display.
 Pressing RIGHT will return to the standard logging interface.
 Pressing LEFT will close the file and terminate the program.
Once terminated, the SD card and power can be safely removed.

Extra Notes:
 A null modem adapter is reqired.
 The baud rate is not changeable on the device. The baud must be changed by modifying the software sketch.
     The portion of code that declares the baud rate is heavily commented so as to be easily found.
     Simply change the 9600 to the baud you require.
